After one million commits to Git, I have a postmortem to write for Quirky Test.

Wait. One million commits? Well, yes and no. It's one million, base 3. So, 729, with this postmortem included. And I used much smaller commits.

I forgot to publish this postmortem, but I'll do it now.

Before I get to my own work, I want to note I wasn't the only entrant who had follow-up tutorial stuff. Others used it quite effectively. I think it's a good optional dimension to suggest for future TALPs. There must be others.

[details="My history with TALP/TALJ"]
I always wanted to enter TALP/TALJ, but I never really had an idea I liked. I didn't want the tutorial to be too on-the-nose, and I didn't want it to be too weird. And I didn't want to write something for the sake of writing it. Because I enjoyed how the original TALP eased me back into the community after COVID, even though I really didn't *need* tutorials for text games. It was just saying, well, here's an introduction, and don't worry if you don't really need to be introduced. It was a welcome back without the potential awkwardness of "HEY, WELCOME BACK, BIG GUY." "Back to basics" is a kind of corny thing, but in this case, I got to play a bunch of games that knew they'd better not try to do too much, and I enjoyed all of them.

Also, I'd always wanted to write an Adventuron game, but for different reasons. It seemed to fit at least partially with things I wanted: to try graphics. To have colored text clue what you needed to act on. And, well, Inform is great, but I did want to give something new a try, and people frequently said it'd be nice to be able to highlight the words to focus on in my Inform games. Glulx is restricted to 3 styles.

I didn't have anything to work with at first, though. Until I found a few Adventuron games where I said "I want to do that." Cobwebbed Dragon's The Interactive Adventurer's Tutorial Adventure(https://cobwebbeddragon.itch.io/interactive-adventurer-tutorial-adventure-talp) and BJ Best's Off-Season at the Dream Factory. The second, among other things, uses colored text well, and the first, well, it seems straightforward, just giving you a room where you understand about each verb and concept. I remember being suspicious that such a straightforward approach could work. I was wrong. It gave me something to shoot for, though I couldn't copy the idea directly. What ideas were there?

What started me on the path was a discussion of what belonged in TALP and what did not, as a result of some 2024 competition entries that maybe didn't quite fit. I made a comment about maybe being able to discuss fairness with the player, in addition to regular verbs, in a split-off topic (https://intfiction.org/t/philosophy-and-goals-of-text-adventure-literacy-jam/68726). Soon after, I had the idea that a prospective game might discuss theory, but I didn't want to be a theory bore. Oh, hi, Beery Thor! But he didn't really have a domain for a few months. Quirky Test as a name didn't pop up until December 2024. Test, quest, you see. My weekly notes suggest I had fun looking for proper names which might work around the new year, and Seth Denton's came from that. Which fit in another way.

I still didn't have an overarching plot, but I did know something about Beery Thor. He would discuss things that were potentially boring, and of course, the pitfall here is, when you try to lampshade being potentially boring, you risk totally completely not lampshading.

And I did want to discuss not just what to do but how or why. But I didn't want to force it on the reader. I wanted something fun, and oh yeah, if you want to discuss big-picture stuff too, great. I thought about how I had played text adventures, and the one thing I wish I knew was, well, some of these really aren't fair, because people haven't really hashed out rules, and it's okay to look through the walkthrough, especially now when there are more text adventures to look at. As a kid I was just glad to have any parser game, and I didn't care that I generally got rolled and didn't get very far. Or I needed InvisiClues. I didn't mind them. They were fun too! Even if they cost money. Oh, also, some of the games were pirated. So that gave a bit extra "be grateful what you've got!" to work through for me.

That all's the nostalgia, yes, even the guilt trips. Then over the years I remember writing walkthroughs for various text adventures and saying "Hey, wait, you know what? This really isn't fair!" And yes, I got them free on the Internet, and no, I no longer felt "well, that's what you get for kind of pirating them even if the original authors can't profit, so you get what you pay for." With IFComp it was a bit different. People knew their games were free, and they wrote said games to get attention. And games could take time. So how would a game be worthy of attention?

Too much abstract theory would drown the player, so I thought: what if I focused on Graham Nelson's Players' Bill of Rights? It may seem common with some people here, but it was sort of groundbreaking for me. When I was young, I figured I was just not clever enough to figure what text adventures wanted me to do. I would stop being young and foolish one day. But as it turned out, the foolishness I lost was believing that (other) adults had things nailed down. Even programmers who want their games to be fair can fail. (This foolishness extended to real life, too, alas.)

But what was even more groundbreaking was, I thought, oh man there are all these rules that are going to restrict what I want to do, but they were also good guidelines to try and help me create good puzzles or say, that one's a bit too much, or that's just there to have something to do. (Those pop up in my first drafts.) You don't want to be hard and obscure just for being hard and obscure but of course, you don't also just want to hand a win to the player.

This all was the theory. I'd have a tutorial, but I'd have other stuff thrown in about what makes games fair, without too much navel-gazing. I wanted something relatively simple where people didn't have to twist their minds but would be glad things happened. I wanted fun examples where possible. This is where Seth Denton's fit in. "Don't kill the player without warning." I like one of those per game, if I can.

And even before TALP 2024 I was wondering what to do with spoonerisms for a game. I'd written a couple, but they didn't feel like they did anything. I was pleased with Stale Trash (Twine, where you figured implied spoonerisms for humor value) and Roads of Liches, for EctoComp. I missed the boat for EctoComp 2024 with another prospective Halloween spoonerism game. It's still there. I've got a lot of ideas--it must be about 8 years now that I really started keeping track of that in my daily and weekly files. I even have a shortcut to get there, Alt-s, and then I fill it in, with one spoonerism, a number, and another. The number relates to how good I think the spoonerism is, and often at the end I will also have a comment. Competent spoonerisms get priority when I sort them into my main spoonerism file. Although I actually used very few for Quirky Test, because I saw a need for something one word, but I had no spoonerism for that yet, so I had to use rhymezone.com and so forth. But I think the practice helped.

And anyway, the extras that seemed like they'd never fit in the game, fit in the bookshelf. In my file, I also had a few "#book" text markers to denote a promising book title. I've done this for special things before in other games.

[details="Room #1 and how it got me started"]
But before that, I had no idea for a full game. It even took a while to find the first room's name, nameless lameness. Well, technically, it was already there. It was an offshoot of "lameness" as a good guess in A Roiling Original, around nameless salesmen. I always felt like that whole world triad could pull a bit more weight, and years later, well ... it did. And it served a good purpose as a springboard. I could draw something dull and grey and vague to test Adventuron's graphics code, and I could also have the cop-out start of "you're not sure how you got here." It might not be how the game ultimately started, but it got me thinking, and it grew on me. At any rate, I found no better way to start. And ...
[/details]

[details="the graphics"]
Nameless Lameness was a good start not just to my coding project but to my goal of designing at least a simple graphic for every room. The graphics were fun when I was sick of coding, and I never pressured myself to be artsy. I wanted the graphics to be fun, but I didn't want to be too little-ol'-me with the quality of graphics or too careless with them. I spent more time than I thought I would researching much higher-resolution pictures, and with low-resolution pictures I think a lot of the pressure to be too evocative was off. I have some experience with low-resolution drawing, though, I think. I occasionally create puzzles on WebPbn.com.

I had decided to go with 256x40 graphics to make a nice header but nothing too obtrusive. Plus it meant I didn't have to pack too much into my drawings, and the task would not be too overwhelming. It was an intimidating goal until I decided on writing graphics for location per day, with before and after states. I did not want to be too worried if I didn't like something, or if I couldn't fit a detail in. Adventuron's way of adding images is not bad--you have a base64 string that corresponds to the graphic, and while you have to fiddle some if you use the GUI, I just wound up converting files with a very short Python script.

I spent a lot more time planning than I thought I would, just imagining what was there, or mock-drawing stuff, before digging in. I used a lot of copy-flip-paste for symmetrical stuff, and you can see a lot of repeating textures, too. I just saved a 16-color bitmap and then tweaked the palette to colors 555555, 5a5a5s, etc., to ffffff. I thought it'd be simple, but it turned out to be more time-intensive than some of my later drawings. I thought pacing the drawings went better than my usual last minute scramble to do cover art, because I forced myself to work ahead.

And ultimately, having that pacing made things less intimidating, with no specter of "I HAVE TO MAKE COVER ART TO MAKE A GOOD FIRST IMPRESSION" that I still feel a bit with IFComp.

I'm happy with what I have, and I recognize they're rough and hope they're not too flippant, but I think Adventuron was good for encouraging me to do this, because during my playthroughs, I felt sad when a room didn't have graphics yet. In general, with Adventuron, I didn't try to do too much, maybe because it didn't have that super-powerful mystique Inform had. I would just draw something to get the point across, and I could redraw it if I saw a way to get the point across better. Plus I knew from experience I just liked having graphics in games, especially Adventuron games, and I didn't judge if they were super detailed. I look back, and they're fun, and they even feel like I get to thumb my nose at AI and some of its more extravagant creations.

Google Images helped a lot here, too. Even just for saying, okay, here's a simple example of what you want, and just imitate it (MSPaint in one window, browser in another) and see how well it works. 

I'd seen a lot of other games where the location picture changed as you saw things in Adventuron, and this seemed ideal here, since radical changes might occur with each point-scoring command. And you didn't even have to type L or LOOK to see big changes!

I really liked how I didn't have to organize files, either -- Base64 embeddings got tacked on at the end. It felt like magic to me to see the actual change, though I'd done similar stuff in Twine. Here, it was simple.

Of course, for some of the places, I only had very basic changes once you figured what to do, and for the plain base, which was a rather late entrant in terms of finalizing its name (it was the bold hub for a while,) I didn't have any change at all. But I enjoyed the process. I also realized some pictures contradicted the text, but hey, nobody hammered me for that, so, all good. And I fixed it post-comp.

But I knew there was more I wanted to do. Transparent graphic overlays were something that didn't make it into the initial comp version. Here I remember Grizel's *Sentient Beings* with two rooms that had twelve containers -- empty or full, depending on if you solved a puzzle. I knew immediately that there couldn't be a graphic for each possible state, because that would be 4096 total graphics, which would be kind of crazy to generate. Possible, yes, but crazy. So I knew there had to be a way to tweak graphics, but I shelved learning it for release. I was just happy enough to have any graphic changes.

I was shocked to read that Adventuron had made transparent overlays were simple, and they were well-documented. So I was able to put check marks by hub exits you did. While I was pleased to have the game block you from places you won, and I liked seeing the "exits" line shrink as you solved areas, I realized a graphic helped people process things that much quicker.

And on the non-technical side, just having graphics that changed made it more fun to test. With Inform, it's technically powerful, and you can type "test win-with-bonus" or "test win-min-points" to verify your suggested walkthroughs aren't broken. Adventuron doesn't have this, as it's a big ask from someone who is writing it solo and also hasn't had the years of development, or the following, Inform has had. So I had to test things manually, and the testing experience was enjoyable even though it wasn't automated! (Note: I wrote a pyautogui script to test some stuff.)

And perhaps knowing I couldn't automate tests guarded me from feeling I had to do anything too technically extravagant. In fact, it said, I better not do any of that for its own sake, without having a good way to test it.
[/details]

[details="the tutorial and first puzzle"]
I had a lot of fun writing the tutorial. I wanted it to be on rails without really restricting the reader, and I wanted to do something I hadn't seen in TALJ. One result was pushing the character through meta-verbs. I wanted to note there were ways to find help beyond HELP. I enjoyed thinking "Okay, what do I wish I would've known, starting out?" and even "Those Infocom manuals were fun, with their sample games, but they didn't have EVERYTHING, and they couldn't foresee a world with so many free text adventures, people would need not to get bogged down in any one of them." I realized things might get sticky putting it on rails, but writing a tutorial really forced me to consider why and if I needed certain things. Sometimes it took a while to say I didn't or to articulate in-game why I did. But I think it was time well spent.

And it probably pushed me into what I think was a good first point-scoring puzzle. I wanted something a player could guess by accident if they got frustrated, but nothing trivial. So I looked for spoonerisms featuring directions. I had a lot of ideas for this, like West Bay, but I was surprised at the simple one (GO WEST) that worked. For a while I had a giant struggle trying to get the parser to only accept GO WEST but say "Yeah, W, but spell it out so it matches Whoa Guest." But Adventuron tried very hard to be understanding. I couldn't figure a way to make it obtuse, but then I realized having the first puzzle be welcoming wasn't such a bad thing. You could get the right answer, and then you could maybe figure it out later. Plus you could guess the compass direction too -- only so many wrong answers!
[/details]

[details="splitting the tutorial from the first bit"]
It also pushed me away from a puzzle that -- well, it served well as a placeholder. If you've read the footnotes, maybe you read about how the plain base was a bold hub to start, and someone said "hold, bub." I recognized this is a reach when I programmed it, but I still wanted an introduction that gave the player an idea of what was going on. I still hate killing puzzles that served their purpose to direct me to the real ones--it's not exactly firing a lifelong friend, but there is a clear sense of loss. I really liked the burst face/first base, though, and I wanted to build on that, and I didn't want Thor to be calling you for too long. Also, re-reading Graham Nelson's Player's Bill of Rights, "hold bub" felt like giving the player something to do for its own sake. I also envisioned a player saying "but WHY?" -- and they would've had a point. Especially since I imagined the followup: "What?! Bye!"

So at the end I put in the Pro Boor as a sort of foil. The Pro Boor is the sort that'll never enjoy text adventures due to the lack of uber-action. I don't begrudge people who enjoy shoot em ups, but on the other hand, I won't cede to people who say "text adventures are boring, unlike <my genre here>." It's always fun to beat up a straw man.

All this happened with a week left but between the tutorial requirements and the Bill of Rights which just required expository writing (or seemed to,) I made that change the last really big creative one. Things get tense when you see a better way to do things a week before the comp deadline. But a few mornings in a row I woke up thinking, you know, I should change that puzzle. (No, really!) I generally give myself one big potential game-breaking change in the final week, and this was it. The result was a slightly confusing graphic--the original picture of Player Lights seemed to say "L P" (P on front cover, L on back, with you facing left) which Olaf Nowacki pointed out. I saw his point -- I was *technically* correct but could've avoided this all by making the book bigger and putting PL on the front and back cover. So this was a small amusing lesson in the risks of adding stuff in the last minute. Looking back I'm not sure why I felt I needed to make the book so small.

I also didn't want a super complicated map, but I also didn't want it to be too simple. At first I had Quickie Trips and Tricky Quips as location names, but they were a bit didactic and abstract, even if they organized well to "no tricky spelling" and "tricky spelling." So I figured I'd see if I could do anything else with west, and anything with east. And I repurposed the old names to signs in Plain Base, so it looked more welcoming.
[/details]

[details="finding the puzzle fodder"]
Someone asked, okay, so how did you come up with this? And I go back to Jerry Seinfeld advice, about trying one thing a day, and then putting a check mark up there. It isn't just about saying, okay, I did something today and everything had better fall into place, but also saying, I'm going to put aside this time, and I'm going to say, is this good? Could I have done better? What synonyms work? And of course I had a python script where `spo.py p sc` looks for words starting with p which, when you replace p with sc, make a word too. That picked off a few spoonerisms, but of course odd spellings hid a few.

I probably got the easier ones first where I wasn't quite pleased with them. I didn't want to be odd for the sake of being odd, but I also didn't want to replicate ones people might know too well. I decided to let things fall were they may, and if there is something simple and nice that work, I put it in. 

It also helped to have some cues, such as the sort of thing you did in an adventure game. So there might be a map, and there might be a plan, and you can see stuff that rhymes with that. What sort of treasure would the map find? I poked through a lot before chalice worked. Master plan turned out to be a common spoonerism, and I didn't want too many of those, but it seemed to fit well.

And with mountains, the rhyme with fountains suggested itself, and I had a location. They eventually added up. I figured I didn't want too many of them, and having the two hubs with regular and diagonal directions seem to work well. From there, it wasn't too far of a jump to say, okay, what can I do with these?
[/details]

[details="connecting the puzzles"]
Of course I had to organize the puzzles somehow. Have them build. For Trail Stash, I had 12 rooms with 12 items and each item took out a different room, and they could be solved in any order. This might be a nuisance here, with all the directions, so I wanted things to be more guided. But what could rely on what?

The 2025 NCAA basketball tournament having finished recently and floating in my consciousness gave me an idea. The hub spokes gave 14 puzzles, and I'd put the hill (originally Fate Hills but again this was a case of a puzzle I suspected was a placeholder so I'd have a map and way through the game) in so that the map was better connected. I wanted the hill to the final puzzle. The 15 puzzles suggested a knockout bracket but instead of wins and losses you combined stuff.

I didn't worry too much about what puzzles did what, though I knew I wanted a treasure in the hill at the end. That suggested a map, and so the chalice map went at the end. Then I figured, what could go with a map? Something to interpret it. A plan.

From then on I just tried to find a good variety of puzzles. I could throw in some nonsense narrative about how they combined. I took a while to figure what the treasure would be: something like a chalice but not quite? Grail/trail would mean a path opened beyond Thor. So I went with that.
[/spoiler]

[details="Spillover and bonus points and ..."]
Some of the spillover resulted in bonus points. Mostly stuff I wanted to fit in somewhere, but I had already put the puzzles down. So I made up some bonus points when I could. Things got a bit jagged, as I often didn't have an item after you scored a point. And originally the only item that gave bonus points was the Pacing Rations.

In fact a week or two before the deadline I had a mere four bonus points: Thor, the rations, the game title, and Seth Denton's. But once I started adding them I found it hard to stop. I wound up with 17 total, and in fact, I messed up writing in a couple. The trial pics had two bonus points which, quite bluntly, felt a bit weak. They got shunted off into an achievement, then further repurposed into the trigger for an item to appear in the final room, one that cues what your next unsolved achievement is.

I got an Easter Egg from this, from the bonus points, footnotes, bill of rights, and books in the bookshelf. It can be found at any time. I don't want to spoil it, but I like it.
[/details]

[details="Thoughts on Adventuron and source control"]
As for coding? TLDR: the simple stuff took no energy, but the complex stuff took extra. Adventuron wasn't meant to cater to programming games like mine, and it should not have been. It helps people build good games quickly. But I had trouble resolving Adventuron's web interface with wanting to put things in source control, which helps filter out the worst of my coding mistakes. Eventually I figured it out: have one browser dedicated only to Adventuron, with tabs for the classroom https://adventuron.io/classroom/, user guide https://adventuron.io/documentation/ and cookbook https://adventuron.io/documentation/cookbook.html.

Soon after, I got in the habit of ctrl-a, ctrl-c, ctrl-v to commit differences to source control. While the extra step was tricky, especially when I needed to walk back a change, but I got used to it and even started making branches of features for post-comp release, which also required reversing this procedure.

Chris Ainsley's documentation was quite good--when I missed stuff I often realize I wasn't looking in the right place, or I wasn't paying attention. Given that he's only one person, he's done a great job and I know it's been at considerable personal sacrifice. I also used Manonamora's *Not Another Sad Meal* and Christopher Merriner's *Custard and Mustard* to say "hey! I like this! I want to borrow it!" So I was able to take care of a lot of simple things. I found dynamic strings sticky at first, but I quickly got used to them. I really liked having dynamic booleans and integers, too. But I didn't realize Adventuron had a concept of arrays until later. Like, not long before release later.

Of course, I missed some obvious stuff because I leaned too much on what I'd like to do. The big stuff was the game information/metadata at the top of the file. I had a nagging feeling I should get a UUID or IFID, but it's one thing I never searched for in the documentation, because it just wasn't fun to think about. I didn't ask about it, either. But it would have been easy to add. The funny thing here is that I surely saw it looking through sample code. And I was confused why my game compiled as "untitled_(date).html." Sometimes the warning lights are there and you fly through them. Garry Francis pointed out that metadata was missing, and then when I updated it, my script pulled over the latest "untitled-*.html" from downloads, which was still the old version instead of the new file "quirkytest-(date).html" which was the new name once I added adequate metadata. So I had to re-update.

Garry also alerted me to collections, so I thank him for that. Again, I searched for "array" in the text but not "list." This simplified my code in many places. In particular, it helped collapse some giant if-else code for talking to Thor with ASK 1, ASK 2, etc., as well as for the achievement asking him about everything. Of course, I still let a bug slip through where I basically assumed a list index started with 1 and not 0, so the simpler code was broken. (I thought I programmer-tested it, honest! And I found a similar bug with footnotes when I converted them to a list.) Hooray for in-comp updates.

I also had a big problem assuming X (ADJECTIVE) would examine ADJECTIVE NOUN, e.g. the item pacing_rations would get examined by X PACING or X RATIONS. After all, Adventuron knew X RATION mapped to X RATIONS! This wasn't the case, and it took a long time to figure out. The thing is, aliases might do too much, e.g. `: noun / aliases = [master, plan]` so you can X MASTER or X PLAN would allow MASTER MASTER as a solution as well as MASTER PLAN. Eventually I saw the simple solution of a sentence substitution.
[/details]

[details="Adventuron vs. Inform 7"]
Comparing Quirky Test to Roads of Liches, it strikes me that on the one hand, Adventuron is simpler to write to get started. But I really like how Inform lets you reuse code and allow for complex objects. I used to say I hated object oriented program, but with Adventuron the lack of complex objects made things tricky. And because Adventuron doesn't allow for complex structures, I wound up cutting and pasting a lot of code. I feel like I'm punching down mentioning this sort of thing, because Chris Ainsley has given a lot, and he's working along, and a whole lot went right.

But it did happen once, and when I found these sorts of things that didn't quite work in Adventuron, it reminded me of all that went right. So I'll give an example of how I got careless, and how complex objects would've made that a non-issue, but on the other hand, nobody really noticed this bug.

It would've been nice to define a bonus_point object with "achieved," "clue_text" and "found_text" and maybe rules for when to find them, so I could have a for loop looking through them. This bit me slightly in a bug that didn't turn up conclusively until later: I didn't always update the location picture if someone typed in a bunch of other commands trying to figure out what to do. This is something I could've code-checked for, probably even should've. But without complex objects, I couldn't make it a one-line fix. The change, by the way, is [here](https://github.com/andrewschultz/quirky-test/commit/97d4cabbd490f90b6ff3532641663c0ae00b6878), and you can see the similar code changes, and if you dig a bit more, you notice they mostly are necessary for points later in the game.

Still, Adventuron has the advantage of hindsight that Inform doesn't. And it has a whole lot of stuff Inform finds tricky. Like save variables for the next go round (scope="survivor") which requires an internal file in Inform. This means that you don't bombard the player with one-time notes they already know, if they are kind enough to replay and try to find more secrets.

However, it doesn't save collections/arrays -- unless you move the arrays to individual variables. So I did this. It was worth the time, and I imagine it wouldn't have been worth Chris Ainsley's time to streamline things just for me. The test case here was: I wanted to use arrays to make footnotes easier to debug, so I had a big long read (to start) and write (to end) function with "footnote_1_boolean = footnote_list[0]" and "footnote_list[0] = footnote_1_boolean". There were seventeen footnotes, so it got a bit long, but I wanted things organized this way so I could link footnote 13 with clue 13 with whether or not you found footnote 13.

After a bit, I realized it was just so much easier if I wanted to do this for bonus points if the player wanted to get them all, as I felt slightly guilty potentially having them to continually check off Every. Single. Bonus. Point. Again, tracking what bonus points you got last time is tricky with Inform and needs external files.

I found other stuff as the comp went on, but perhaps my favorite bit was sorting the map areas into various colors of the rainbow to clue where to find footnotes and bonus points, which wasn't brilliant, but it wa extremely pleasing to have organization with a touch of color. It was also wonderful to be able to color-code suggested commands. In Inform's Glulxe, you get bold and italic, but I schemed colors for each sort of command in Adventuron. Green was in-game, orange was metaverbs, purple was diagonstic (INVENTORY.)

Very late in the comp I discovered zones, which are collections of locations and the equivalent of Inform's regions. I wrongly assumed there wasn't any such thing. But this helped me cut down code like `if is_at hub_w_n || is_at hub_w_ne`. Adventuron seems to have all the basic bases covered, and the stuff it can't quite do easily, you can program it. But I suspect I'm still missing a few big-picture things it does well.
[/details]

I'm proud of one other sneaky bit I figured in Adventuron. Adventuron has on_startup and on_debug but the second overrides the first, even in release mode. I worried I'd send a debug build live, but fortunately I found a [clever workaround](https://intfiction.org/t/debug-cheat-version-of-adventuron-without-on-debug/75022).

I didn't really get comfortable with Adventuron tweaking and testing until mid-comp, but that's okay, because I wasn't playing to win. Given how I had to cut and paste from and to a browser/notepad++ to commit things, I actually wound up breaking things into smaller commits, which may've helped me notice a few bugs on commit. I also used branches a lot in GitHub for post-comp features. It's something I never really did before, but I was still coming up with ideas, because as usual the rush to hit the deadline meant I just needed to put stuff in there. I wound up still finding things, or ways to do them.

And that spilled over to where I made an in-game map and also a "smart" GO/G command. The second tried to nudge you towards the next most useful puzzle. It wasn't tricky code, especially since it built on O/OUT which was already there, but I'd always wanted to do something like that in Inform. And my Inform games were usually too big.
